[OSDOCS#18857]: Added a new module for Fencing Validator script (#110148)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/fencing-validator-script-overview.adoc

The `fencing_validator` is a Bash-based diagnostic utility available on every control-plane node in a TNF {product-title} cluster. As a health check tool for the fencing subsystem, it verifies that the STONITH stack is correctly configured and operational.

The script is located at `/usr/local/bin/fencing_validator` on both control-plane nodes. The script is automatically installed by the Machine Config Operator (MCO). There is no manual installation step required.

When you deploy a TNF cluster, the MCO renders a set of `MachineConfig` manifests specific to that topology. One of these manifests is `fencing-validator.yaml`, located in the MCO source at `templates/master/00-master/two-node-with-fencing/files/fencing-validator.yaml`. This `MachineConfig` writes the script to `/usr/local/bin/fencing_validator` with executable mode `0755` on every control-plane node.
The script is available as soon as the node has finished applying its `MachineConfig`, that is, after initial deployment or after any MCO-driven reboot.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The script is deployed on TNF clusters only. It does not appear on standard HA clusters, Single-Node OpenShift, or Two-Node with Arbiter clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script is deployed on TNF clusters only. It does not appear on standard HA clusters, {sno-caps}, or Two-Node with Arbiter clusters.
```
